Rename Azure AI Foundry to Microsoft Foundry (and more) (#39)
huggingface/Microsoft-Azure: docs/source/guides/one-click-deployment-foundry.mdx

The steps required to deploy an open-source model from the Hugging Face Hub to Microsoft Foundry as an Azure Machine Learning Managed Online Endpoint for real-time inference are the following:

1. Go to the [Hugging Face Hub Models page](https://huggingface.co/models), and browse all the open-source models available on the Hub.

    <Tip>

    Alternatively, you can also start directly from the [Hugging Face Collection on Microsoft Foundry (public URL, no authentication required)](https://ai.azure.com/catalog/publishers/hugging%20face,huggingface), or from the [Hugging Face Collection on Microsoft Foundry (requires Azure authentication)](https://ai.azure.com/explore/models?selectedCollection=Hugging+Face) instead of the Hugging Face Hub, and just explore the available models using the Microsoft Foundry model catalog filters to deploy the models that you want.

    </Tip>

2. Leverage the Hub filters to easily find and discover new models based on the filters as e.g. task type, size based in number of parameters, inference engine support, and much more.

> 3. Select the model that you want, and within its model card click on the "Deploy" button, and then select the option "Deploy on Microsoft Foundry", and then click on "Go to model in Microsoft Foundry". Note that the model may not be available for deployment, meaning that the "Deploy" button may not be enabled for some models; or that the "Deploy on Microsoft Foundry" option may not be listed, meaning that the model is not supported within any of the inference engines or tasks supported on Microsoft Foundry; or also that the "Deploy on Microsoft Foundry" button is available, but it says "Request to add", meaning that model is not available but could be publish, so you can request its addition into the Hugging Face Collection in the Microsoft Foundry model catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the model that you want, and within its model card click on the "Deploy" button. Then select the option "Deploy on Microsoft Foundry", and click on "Go to model in Microsoft Foundry". Note that the "Deploy" button may be unavailable for some models, indicating they cannot be deployed. In other cases, the "Deploy on Microsoft Foundry" option may not appear, meaning the model is not supported by any of the inference engines or tasks available in Microsoft Foundry. If the option appears as "Request to add", the model is not yet available but can be requested for its addition in the Hugging Face collection within the Microsoft Foundry model catalog.
```

> 4. On Microsoft Foundry Foundry, you will be redirected to the model card, and you need to click "Use this model", and fill the configuration values for the endpoint and the deployment, such as the endpoint name, the instance type, or the instance count, among others; then click "Deploy".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On Microsoft Foundry Foundry, you will be redirected to the model card. Once there, click "Use this model" and fill the configuration values for the endpoint and the deployment, such as the endpoint name, the instance type, or the instance count, among others; then click "Deploy".
```
